[Messaging] Bump uAMQP Version (#11209)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/CHANGELOG.md

**Bug fixes**
- Fixed a bug that turned `azure.eventhub.EventhubConsumerClient` into an exclusive receiver when it has no checkpoint store. #11181
- Updated uAMQP dependency to 1.2.7.
  - Fixed bug in setting certificate of tlsio on MacOS. #7201

>   - Fixed seg fault in logging networking tracing on MacOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed a bug that caused segmentation fault on MacOS when setting logging_enable True in `EventHubConsumerClient` and `EventHubProducerClient` 
```

Author: updated
